Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
ST' 501 subtitles.
I came as quickly as I could. I couldn't
come any faster.
I see you need more changes.
Yes. that's right.
Hold on.
Hey. honey.
Hi. mom.
I'm just calling. Can I call you back?
Yes. I just wanted to ask something. but
it's OK.
OK. baby.
All right.
Hey. yes. I'm done. I think it's in the
same direction.
It's a little darker. but it's good.
It's good.
Also. the vampire teeth.
It's really important.
It's important for the last shot. right?
Did you have a good trip?
Oh yes. thank you.
Do you know the house?
No. it's my first time.
I'll accompany you.
You can easily get lost if you don't know
the area.
Here. we are in the salons. This is where
we receive clients and do fittings.
Upstairs. there are also workshops. Let
me introduce you to Tim.
Hello.
Maxime Walker. He's the one who will
conduct your interview on our social media.
Will you stay dressed like that?
Yes. No problem. We'll do a close-up.
Okay. Tim?
Ok. Very good. Follow my hands?
Yes.
Please. have a seat.
Hello.
I like the gloves.
Oh.
Super nice.
Thank you.
Could you introduce yourselves in a few
words. it's for the sound.
I'm Maxine Walker.
Very good.
Are you happy to be here in Paris for
Fashion Week?
Yes. very happy.
You speak French very well.
How is that possible?
I speak a little; my mother was French.
Oh. that's why.
Let's go.
Hello. Maxine.
You will be making the film that will
open our show.
What is that…?
How did you end up here?
Guest artist for the show?
I played a vampire woman who called the
artistic director. and she called me.
A vampire film?
With a vampire woman. right?
Why?
Why not?
A vampire woman takes revenge on all the
violence that women suffer in horror films.
And does fashion inspire you?
I was asked to participate.
I was surprised.
Why surprised?
ST' 501 Subtitling ST' 501...
ST' 501 Subtitling. I come from horror
films. independent. low budget.
I've never worked in these conditions.
I feel very lucky.
And what is it for you. what's fashion in
two months?
In two months?
Unnecessary and necessary.
OK.
I think that's my daughter.
Go ahead.
Anyway. I think we have what we need.
It's a very short format.
That's great. Thank you.
Oh. OK.
Hello?
Dr. Kaczynski.
Oh. hello.
Hi.
You've received your biopsy results.
OK.
I need to see you again.
Really?
Why?
Can you come by today at 6?
6:30 if you can?
No. I'm in Paris.
I told you.
Ah. yes.
Um...
How long are you there for?
You sure you can't come back early?
Merci.
No. I was already late with all the tests.
so why?
I mean. is it serious?
Yes. but let's not go over this on the
phone.
You'll have to see someone as soon as
possible.
I'll find someone for you in Paris.
But is it serious?
I mean. is it anything major?
I'm thinking of a colleague in Paris.
His name is Hanson.
I'll contact him to see if he can fit you
in.
Okay. thank you.
You're the best.
Pardon. excuse me. It's beautiful. what
are you doing? It's the dress that will
open the show. Oh. I'm very late. We
still have a lot of work to do. especially on
the sleeves and the back. but it's my
first dress entirely on my own. Christine.
Christine. Maxime.
Are you okay?
Yes. I'm okay.
That finger means change.
That's a good sign.
Ah. Maxine. you're here.
Let's look everywhere.
Come with me.
Let's join the team.
Goodbye.
Hello. welcome. are you okay?
Hello.
Did you make my trip?
Yes. thank you.
I'm so happy to have you here.
Do you know Antoine?
Have you worked together before?
Yes. we've been working on this project
for several weeks.
And we're going to make my next film
together.
Wonderful.
So. we were looking at your latest
changes.
It's great.
Great.
You know. the house policy is to give
artists freedom.
More freedom.
as possible and simply ask and scream at
the end we are not sure about that it's a
cry of rage of liberation it's a gothic
film yes no but gothic we love it by the
way there is still a lot of blood no she
can scream but she doesn't bite anyone not
obliged the sharp teeth there it's not a
little bit pushed anyway if it's the
length of the teeth we can change that in
VFX I mean it's not it's not a little no
okay let me stop bothering you I'll let
you work thank you very much Christophe so
you don't like the vampire teeth no no
it's not that I like them I'm crazy about
them also I have the lenses that you
wanted you know the Russian ones oh great
The shadow comes like this.
Yes.
More beautiful. sooner.
Sooner.
I think it's a sub.
OK.
I know you are sick.
My option is better. but I want to make
yours work.
You know what I want?
I just want...
I want...
I received a call from Dr. Kaczynski
today.
Isn't that right?
He took the job to pay Bill.
You know that?
Yes. I...
Ah. ah...
It's really simple.
I'm going to give you an example.
I have to work.
Put Eden on.
You forgot to call her back about her
homework.
It's too late now.
She can't speak.
Hey. tell her they have the little
shampoo bottles here.
The little ones she likes.
They aren't little bottles of shampoo.
It's hard.
Yeah. I know.
All right.
Fine.
She will.
Are we done?
Sure.
I'm hesitating.
No. not at all.
I was scouted several times on the
streets of Nairobi when I was in pharmacy school.
But I never got into it because my father
wouldn't let me.
Eventually. I thought to myself. why not?
I'm a risk-taker.
And that's it.
And there you have it.
Would you like a coffee. tea. or
something?
No.
Nothing at all?
No. a little.
Could I have your passport. please?
Yes.
Here you go.
Thank you.
Oh yes. I've scheduled a photoshoot for
you with an Italian photographer tomorrow
morning.
Okay.
It'll just be a small test shoot to help
you practice.
It's very important to us that you don't
do anything before the show.
You're a new face. and we're investing in
you.
It's a gamble we're taking. do you
understand?
Do you have my test shots at least?
Yes. of course.
We think you have something people want
to see.
So. let me explain.
We want you to do two things.
You're going to be in the film that will
play before the show.
With the director. over there.
What's her name?
Briefly. I can't remember her name.
And you're also going to do the show.
Ok.
1.77 and a half.
1.77.
We're at 75 chest.
So. 85 with the gym. so we're at 4.4.
4.4.
We're at 30 for the wrists. 15 on the
right. Oh well. perfect. 15 too.
Left. 15 too. 15. 15.
Is that good for you?
Yeah. it's good. Your phone. does it work
here?
No. there's no network here.
Yeah. but it's very important for us to
be able to contact you.
Look at it from time to time and also
before you go to sleep.
There may be changes at the last minute.
Ok.
Do you know how to walk?
Your shoulders shouldn't move. Don't move
them.
Just turn around and look straight ahead.
Eyes straight ahead. all the time.
Okay?
Can you try again?
Go ahead.
Okay. look straight ahead. don't look at
your feet.
Walk in a straight line.
Follow my hand. follow my hand.
Don't look at me. don't look.
Don't look. look at my hand.
I won't be there on the day of the parade.
Okay.
We'll try again one more time.
Here are the keys to the models'
apartment.
And also keep the shoes to practice.
Will it be okay?
Yes.
Hello?
Is anyone here?
Hello. my name is Ada.
Hello.
I heard there's an amazing house.
There's an amazing house.
Do you know where my house is?
I'm not sure about anything. but I'm
pretty sure it's full.
What's going on?
She says she has to stay here.
She didn't say she wasn't telling me
anything. so it's not like I know.
Do you have to be here?
I mean. she could be wrong.
This is the address.
Oh. this is the address.
The thing is. Julia is coming tonight and
took the last house.
Check with you. Agent.
I can't touch him.
Ok.
We have to stop.
I have nowhere else to go.
No. no. we can't.
Why did you go to the train station?
It's so f***ing confusing.
I'm falling asleep.
Girl. there's a problem with the rooms.
and you should get some air.
That's it.
I can't get any air.
He doesn't need to be aggressive.
I'm not aggressive.
He still doesn't have any air.
That's it.
Subtitle ST' 501 Subtitle ST' 501
That's how it is. that's how it is.
Anyway. I need to show you something.
I don't think the pharmacy is giving out
that much money.
Thank you. Milan Fashion Week.
So. you're doing all this in Milan?
Yes.
Are you doing that?
Are you sure?
Yes. I'm alright.
Can you use the building?
Yes. of course.
That's good. Paul.
I'm here. Mom.
Captioning Société Radio-Canada
Let's go. let's go.
Listen. I know you didn't listen to me.
but I beg you.
At least two stones. okay?
Please. I'll protect you.
I love you.
Yes.
Let's go. let's go.
Let's go.
Deduce the camera!
But. why isn't it blocked?
How do you make the spiral like that?
We can put on some music. if you want.
Relax.
Let's put on some music.
It's a bit more frontal.
That's good.
Relax him. life is beautiful.
Relax.
Softly. look at me.
But. her shovel is shining.
Angel. where is it?
Go ahead. go ahead.
Okay. four times.
I'm sorry.
It's okay. it's okay.
I wanted to fix it.
Can I?
Anyway. your legs aren't doing well.
We gave you the wrong tent.
Shall we go to the dressing room?
Thanks.
Excuse us. we'll take 10 minutes.
How old are you?
18 years old.
Oh. wow.
And are you new here?
Yes.
It shows.
Do you prefer French or English?
A little French.
Don't worry. we'll understand each other.
I'll be with you over the next few days.
I saw you earlier.
You need to lift your coat just a little
and put your shoulders back.
Just a little bit.
That's perfect.
Just now.
Yeah?
I'm trying to reach you.
What?
No. wait. are you kidding me?
No. I worked until 3 a.m. the other night.
I still haven't been paid.
And now you're canceling the last few
minutes?
Seriously. that's not okay.
Okay. forget it.
What is it?
Sorry. it's fine for me. you can go. and
don't forget to breathe. you have to
breathe to live. it can be useful. I'll
be right there.
It's okay. it's okay. it's okay.
Can I stay a little longer? I have a
roller's parade.
There's no problem. you stay as long as
you want.
I have time.
Thank you.
Yeah. hello. how are you?
Yeah. I'm fine. and you?
I was calling to see if you had anything
for me?
Uh. yeah. I have a plan here. last minute
Okay. great. It's a shoot deal with a
German photographer. it's well paid. Oh.
that's good because I just got stood up.
But are you sure about your thing?
Yeah. don't worry. it's set. it's not me.
Okay. great. you can count on me. Can you
send me the address?
Hey. hey. hola. what's up?
Oh. well.
Come on. guys.
No. she's not throwing it.
Oh. it's a new video.
Can you give me your pleasure?
It's a little more.
Yes.
Ah. it's a little more.
It hurts.
No.
It's a little more.
Oh. sorry.
There's so much more.
I don't care at all.
Thank you. Gio.
Guys. please. let's focus.
Why are you doing this?
Do you think I don't realize it?
What?
Are you having fun making up lies about
me?
I'm not your friend if you work too fast.
darling.
At least I say what I think.
Oh. I call that spilling the beans.
Okay. okay. you've had your outburst.
Now we can get back to work.
Oh dear. for example.
Are you okay?
Yeah. everything's fine. sorry.
They're just...
They're going well.
I'm sorry. but I have to leave.
I warned you I couldn't do more than an
hour of overtime.
I have an appointment. I need to take a
break.
I'm sorry. that's not possible.
Come on. please. it's personal and really
important.
All right. you do one more girl and then
you can take a break.
Really?
One last girl.
Could you follow my colleague. please?
Thank you.
I'm sorry. Néziap. but it's calling you.
I'll finish with you in five minutes.
Ok. agreed.
Yes. hello.
Sorry for the delay.
It's okay.
Thank you.
– French subtitles 2021
Have you been able to read what I sent
you?
Yes. so I read it. it's not that bad.
I'm not yet very sure about the title.
The title. you'll see you'll get there.
In the meantime. there's still work to be
done.
Ok.
So. what's the story?
Is it simply the story of a makeup
artist's life. is that it?
Yes. but not only.
It's mostly about the people she meets.
sees. and does makeup for.
the questions they ask about their lives.
and things like that.
Yes. okay. okay.
Well. there are situations that I really
don't believe.
There are situations that are simply not
credible.
Ok.
Yet. they're true.
They are real situations.
Yes. but you know. just because it's true
doesn't necessarily mean...
Okay.
interesting. It's normal that it's
difficult for you. especially if you work
alongside. and you've never written
before. It's not simple to get into it. but
really get into it. I mean.
So. I'm sending you my written feedback.
For payment. it can be a check or a credit
card. You can also make a bank transfer
if you prefer.
Do you have my IBAN? Yes. Thank you very
much.
I wanted to write down true things. fix
them before they disappeared.
Season after season. collection after
collection.
Ada had a fabric in her bag.
She had sewn it for nights with her
mother.
It was her lucky charm.
She had fled the war.
Can we stop the snowflake?
Where is Ada?
She's right behind. over there.
Way in the back.
Antoine?
Yes.
The snow isn't working.
No. it's not working.
What do you want?
Fog?
Yes. fog.
Ok.
Ok. everyone is in starting position.
The cadets are ready.
Let's shoot it. please.
Ok. it's a good point.
Let's shoot it.
How are you feeling?
You look good.
You look beautiful.
Thank you.
Is this where you start?
So we're going to run this way. shadows
following you. Be careful. right? Because
you can trip yourself loose. and then
here. parable. here. you'll get on the boat.
and then you feel the shadow on your face.
from here. and this is where you scream.
Anton. Anton. can we shoot?
Yes. almost.
Abbie's ready. what's the problem?
There is no problem. I'm just lighting
the fog.
It's fine as it is. let's shoot.
No. I'm not done. give me five minutes.
Daniel. we need to shoot.
Can you give me five minutes when I'm
lighting?
No. no. I'm sorry.
Come on. on the glass.
Come on. let me ask you.
No.
Let's go.
Silence. please. turn the turn.
Action.
I'm very sorry.
Cut. It's cut. thank you.
This is where you create.
I'm going to give you a signal.
Hello?
Good morning Madam. I am the secretary of
the stage director.
I'm calling you because the doctor can
see you today at 5 PM.
5 PM?
I'll be in the middle of work?
Wouldn't it be possible to reschedule a
bit?
Listen Madam. he's taking you in urgently.
Are you taking this?
Yes. I understand.
It's the best slot I can offer you.
Otherwise. the next appointment is the
old one.
Thank you very much. I'll be there.
Very well. that's our idea. See you later
Madam.
Thank you.
Ah. I must. I'll be back in a moment.
What?
And it's good.
No. no. you can't leave.
I have to leave. I'm going back.
Call me if you want. He has my book
focusing on animals.
Hey. how's it going?
We're going to finish the animal shots in
about 30 minutes.
You put it to grab soon.
Where are they?
No. no. no. Just wait for me for Adisha.
Another one.
The program director is here.
Just. I'll be there in 40 minutes.
I'll do my best.
Mrs. Moïca?
Yes.
Please follow me.
Ok.
Hello. author Moussel.
Have a seat.
Well. if you like. we can speak in
English. if you prefer.
No. that's fine.
Is that okay?
So. Vaccine Nouvelle-Caire. you were born
on January 10. 1978. in Los Angeles. is
that correct?
Have you ever had any health problems in
the past? Have you had any surgeries?
No. nothing serious.
Do you have any children?
Yes. I have a 15-year-old daughter.
Okay.
Well. Dr. Kazanski sent me your tests.
So. you will need to have surgery.
I can't promise you 100% that we'll be
able to save the breast. but in any case.
that's what we're going to try to do.
But how?
Why surgery?
I don't understand.
Wait. let me tell you what I see.
You are young. you have cancer.
and we need to act quickly.
My doctor didn't say that.
What did your doctor tell you?
He said an etypia.
That's it. that's it.
Etypia.
No. I feel very well.
I feel very well.
I was sure you had made the announcement.
Because it's cancer.
Look. Here. these are the two opacities.
Here. there are micro-classifications.
there. there. there. But I don't
understand. He didn't give you a diagnosis.
Didn't you explain it? What happened.
Maybe he didn't dare tell you over the phone.
but...
Okay. In any case. what's certain is that
all doctors will tell you to have a
complete ablation. But I don't agree with
that.
I'm in favor of trying to preserve.
whenever possible. Look. The area of the cancer
that needs to be removed. you see. is the
two lesions that are there.
Of course. we preserve the healthy
tissues at a distance.
It won't be simple. but I think I can do
it.
And if you can leave that decision. I can
commit to operating on you in 4 or 5 days.
But I understand very well that you would
prefer to have surgery at home in Los
Angeles.
Hey. I'm sorry about the other day. uh.
did you get the math homework done. honey?
Yeah. yeah. I did.
Uh. what are you going to do now?
I'm doing that. uh. that fashion thing.
Uh. yeah. is it that vampire thing you
told me about? Is it fun?
Yeah. it's okay.
Sorry. I have to go. I can't talk to you.
Okay. hon. well. um. have a good day.
okay? I love you.
I love you. um. honey?
Yeah. bye. mom.
Oui. oui. on regarde juste la dernière
prise.
There.
You like it?
Yeah. can we do one more. please?
No. the DP is already done.
So. what do you want to improve?
Nothing.
Just. it's perfect.
Thank you very much.
Okay. turn it off.
Maxine?
Really?
What's going on?
Nothing.
Apparently. nothing.
I mean. you just woke up the set like
that.
I had an appointment I couldn't change.
I'm sorry.
Thank you for getting the shot.
Subtitle ST' 501
Christine. would you like to have lunch?
No. I have too much to do.
We're going to remove the bust and we're
not going to keep the wind.
Christine. your chest is much too big.
Look at what happened. I don't understand.
It's not right at all. You need to take
the time to redo it along the seam.
Oh. pardon me. I'm sorry. Do you work
here?
I'm a fit model.
I spend many hours with your dress.
So. did you open the show?
No one said anything.
So. let me tell you.
This dress opens the show.
Are you sure?
Yes.
And. you know. when you open the show.
there's no need to set the pace for you. so
you should do it yourself.
What do you want?
Wait.
Where are you going?
I'm from here.
I'm going to Amsterdam tomorrow. so I'm
going.
Oh. hi. beautiful.
Oh my God. how are you doing?
Long time no see.
Yes.
How are you?
Are you coming tomorrow?
No. I have a shoot in Amsterdam.
Well. I'll see you.
Who is that?
Romya.
I need to get to know her.
I mean. it's Romya.
Yeah.
Where are you from?
South Sudan.
But I was raised in Kenya.
We moved there after the war.
Oh. I'm from Ukraine.
My hometown is called Zaporizhia.
Zaporizhia.
Have you ever heard that?
It's a great place to me.
Why would you say that about your own
hometown?
I have a love-hate relationship with this
place. I swear.
It's like it's been following me for
years. even though I don't even live there
anymore.
And where do you live now?
Kiev.
I actually managed to buy a place.
He bought a place.
Wow.
How much money did you save to buy a
place?
I think it was between 30 and 40K.
It should be something like this.
You didn't save more?
I could. but first I blew it.
So don't screw up like me.
You know. be smart with your money.
Anyway. if I didn't do photos. I'd
probably be dead by now.
So how long have you been at it?
Eight years now. I think.
I don't know.
I'm 23. so it's been a while.
23?
You look younger than that.
I feel like I've lived a thousand fucking
lives by now.
But hey. I have to go to the station.
Can I come with you?
Come.
You're going to be a star.
Yes. of course.
Don't do a me. girl.
No. I'm telling you.
I'm serious.
Like a fucking icon.
Fuck yeah.
Like an icon.
I don't know.
I don't want a life. you know?
So. you don't want a life.
Everything is in your hands. anyway.
It's too much pressure. bro.
We will probably see each other in the
city. in the world.
I will be in Shenzhen in March.
Where?
Shenzhen.
In China.
Don't mess up the show.
Okay. I'm glad you made the right
decision.
I think I trust you.
Go ahead.
I'm in pain right now.
Hi Olivier. I hope you are doing well. I
recommend a patient. Maxime Moelker. for
additional imaging. She has an invasive
ductal carcinoma associated with extensive
CCS. very thin skin. 85C.
I discovered a keloid on the left arm.
which may suggest difficulty with healing.
Thank you for your help. I will operate
on the patient and will let you know.
You add all the polite formulas. Best
regards. Laurent Ancène. and send it as soon
as possible. That's it. thank you.
I'll meet you up there.
We'll do an MRI just to check if the
struts are affected.
If the struts are affected. it means the
cancer may have spread throughout the body.
But as I told you. in 70% of cases. it's
negative. and if it's negative. there's no
problem.
So there won't be a problem.
Don't lose this paper. it's your patient
ID.
We'll call you as soon as we have the
results of your tests.
Really? I think it might work.
I think there are three more people than
you than me. Are you going to have surgery?
Yeah.
In a few days.
I'm a little scared.
Me. too.
I'm sure it'll be okay.
Sorry to tell you. but I think you should
remove your jewelry.
You didn't have much time.
Oh.
Thank you.
We'll be fine.
I'm sure of it.
Everything will go well.
I hope so.
You know...
Last night. I gave a special party to
myself with everything I love.
I told myself I deserve it.
I must make the most of life. non?
On va pas cesser faire.
Non.
Madame Walker?
Yes. it's me.
What's your name?
Oh. Anne.
And you?
Maxine.
Good luck. Anne.
Good luck. Maxine.
I will inject you with the contrast agent
for the MRI.
It might get a little warm. okay?
Both shows were done. and the companies
were done during a lunch of a lunch with
the tasks.
Oh. Maxime. how are you?
We're sitting over there.
So. what happened?
I heard you left the set.
Just an hour ago.
Are you happy about it?
Do you have everything you need with the
footage? Yes. yes. yes.
Yes. I'm happy. but let me ask you.
Where is he?
Special effects.
Ah. okay.
So. are you ready for tomorrow?
It's good.
He must be.
Yes. I promise you.
What can I get for you?
Gin and tonic.
I'm like a subject.
It's good.
No. no. no. no.
Is it good?
Let's go?
Yes.
Let's get out of here.
Yes. of course.
Do you want to go?
Let's go to my place.
My hotel room.
To your hotel?
To...
Radio-Canada Subtitling
Can you tell me how you want to do it?
Yes. okay.
Can I kiss you?
Yes.
Now?
If you want.
Ok.
Thank you.
Are you doing well?
Are you tired?
Yes.
Ok. that’s good food.
Whisky. vodka...
Yes. two of those.
Do you want me to open them?
Please.
Are you seeing anyone right now?
No.
No?
You?
No.
The same.
Are you happy?
What?
Oh. your film.
Because it’s finally happening.
Yes. next month.
Yeah.
That'd be good.
I love the way you rewrote the main
character. you know?
It's good.
Do you have problems. Maxine?
Is it bad?
I love you very much. you know?
Me too.
Do you think we are responsible for what
is happening to us?
What exactly do you want?
I think sometimes I feel like I am
responsible for what is happening to me.
I don't know.
You can trust me. Maxine. you know.
You can.
Oh. that's a very good read.
No?
The blood. do you mean?
Yes.
And how it is reflective.
That's cool. right?
It's almost like metal.
Yes.
You know. I want a porn star martini
right away. That's what I want. I don't know
what you want to do. What about you. Ada?
What do your parents say about you being
a mom? My dad doesn't know about it. He
doesn't know about you. So what did you
tell him when you left?
I just lied and said I was coming for a
pharmacy school exchange program.
Yeah. hopefully you'll get so rich that
you won't have to think about it ever again.
Yeah.
And you can just buy my house as an
apology gift.
Easy.
Oh. that'll do.
I think that's going to go home clean.
Yeah. it's going to be fine.
Something's coming.
Oh. thanks a lot.
Okay. but if you. okay. I'm going to
teach you this really quickly.
Okay.
You want one?
Yes.
Several.
Can I have one?
Yeah. sure.
The walk.
Guys.
Yeah. we're looking.
Sorry.
Jesus.
You guys are drunk enough?
Let it go.
Like. we're at the ass.
Okay. basically.
Okay. give.
It's more like a feather.
If it's for Chanel. it's very like this.
It's very calm.
It's very elegant.
Like a pro?
Oh. yeah.
And then the little turn.
It's giving.
Oh. I love it.
I love it.
French subtitles?
ST' 501 subtitles.
Let's see.
Perhaps a little more in weapons and a
little more...
It's very confidential. You just need to
know that you have the ace.
And you must be relaxing too.
Perhaps a little faster.
Yes. that's good.
Oh. that's good.
Do you have a hand?
I'm doing well.
Yes.
Ok.
Damn.
We are much more than things.
And my friend. Rose. said this morning.
Happy. I was born.
Covered in dew.
I blossomed.
Happy and in love.
I would like some sunshine.
I am closed at night.
I am closed.
I'm closed at night.
No. it's...
It's so f***.
It's so f***?
Subtitle ST' 501 Subtitle ST' 501
Subtitle ST' 501
Their bodies writhed like papers caught
in the light.
Each one. like a comet. followed its own
trajectory.
But all watched their youth burn in the
night.
We wanted them to be light images.
wordless bodies.
But I knew they all wanted to scream one
day.
like me.
Hey. are you okay?
It's nice to see you.
What are you doing?
I'm going to make up an American actor
for tonight's show.
Okay.
To all.
A kiss instead.
Like. I don't care.
I say things as they happen to me.
We make the gesture. yes. that's it.
Like an attack on me. if you want.
Like I'm blinded.
People who are waiting for help. for
example. to write. you know. who are waiting
for time. who are waiting for calm. a
calm home.
and who only have to write everywhere.
We write everywhere.
They aren't writers. I mean. that's it.
I know that when you don't write. well.
you write everywhere.
Do you want something to drink?
I have coke. I have some juice left.
Yes. water.
Water.
You know. it's serious. get out.
I don't have the good news. Mrs. Walker.
We received your test results. and
they're not what we expected.
The MRI revealed suspicious lymph nodes.
and we think they'll start chemotherapy.
Chemotherapy?
Yes. we are obliged to start chemotherapy.
Because the cancer is too aggressive.
more aggressive than we thought.
The cancer is too aggressive.
So. I have to ask you if you have any
professional projects in the coming months.
Yes. I...
I have to shoot my next film.
Because. in fact. I'm explaining to you.
you're going to have to put your life
aside for a little while.
I don't know.
I can't.
I work so hard not to...
No. please. I work so hard to do that.
And I need to work. I need the money.
I understand.
But what I'm telling you is to put your
life aside for a little while to focus on
yourself.
You're going to need it for chemotherapy.
It's very important that I make this film.
It's very important.
It's taken me a long time.
I need to work.
You don't understand.
Yes. I would understand if you didn't
understand. Mrs. Welker.
What we want is for you to be able to
work as long as possible. to make films as
long as possible.
Not everyone has that chance.
You say.
You have that chance. Some patients don't
even have that anymore. It's already too
late.
I could start right after filming. Right
after.
But it doesn't work that way.
There's no time to lose.
I understand that chemotherapy has
drawbacks.
But believe me. it's less difficult to
live with than brain metastasis.
So yes. you will lose your hair.
But if I have one piece of advice to give
you. it's to cut it yourself.
Before the start of treatment. It's
better than watching it fall out in clumps. I
assure you.
So with chemotherapy. with radiotherapy.
hormone therapy. you have an 80% chance of
survival at 5 years.
There's a chance I may die.
I have some news to tell you.
We're all going to die.
Everyone's going to die.
You must undergo this treatment.
You must do it.
Have you talked to your daughter about it?
Oh. she's a teenager.
I'm not going to scare her.
This.
You need to find the right words to talk
to her.
It's important.
She's your daughter.
Christine. what are you doing?
We just need a bedside table in the room.
It's for good luck.
Okay. we'll deliver it soon.
Hey. it's Eden. I can't talk right now.
so leave a message after the beep.
Honey. um. it's Mom. I can see that
you're online. but you're not answering.
So. it's okay. I just. uh. I love you.
Okay. so if you want. I can slow it down
a bit. like this.
What do you think?
Maxine. what do you think?
What do you say?
Is it okay if I slow down like this?
Yes.
We need to talk. I swear. we need to
finish up.
I'm happy to slow it down. but I...
Yeah?
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
Okay. we need to start the tests.
Yeah.
The parade starts in three hours.
Me too. Thomas.
There. yeah.
Me. a little.
ST' 501 Subtitling
You should have streets.
Have you thought about that?
No.
You'll come when you have streets.
No. seriously. I mean.
You should try.
It would be a good change.
You're going out.
Not now.
Sometimes. you should be bold and change.
and then you'll be happy after.
I'm sick.
Oh. have you seen a doctor?
I have a lot of medicine. if you want.
Is it serious?
I have cancer.
I have breast cancer.
I'm sorry I've never said it out loud.
Kind of makes it real.
I'm so sorry.
It's funny you spend life preparing for
all these things to happen. and then the
thing you never saw coming. there it is.
I can do treatment. and. you know. it's
just kind of hard and exhausting.
I haven't decided yet.
And you've told no one?
No one.
I don't know how to tell my doctor.
I'm sure you will find the right time.
Yeah.
Thank you.
God. I'm so sorry.
I'll see you out there.
Let's go do a crazy show.
Trois. loosen up a little at first.
You can put one on the other screen.
Number two. I'd like you to be much
tighter.
Prepare a double window for me with 4 and
5.
It's coming up for the guests' arrival.
guys.
You can put an OX. an OX. cam 6.
Excuse me. cam 6 as well.
I'll invite you in English.
Thank you.
Okay. please.
We're going to move the show forward 30
minutes.
It's starting to rain.
It will start in an hour.
For the video assistants. we need to
protect the cameras.
The rain is coming. please protect the
cameras.
Yes. let me complain. but okay.
Hey. it's Eden.
I can't talk right now. so leave a
message.
Hey. honey. it's mom.
I'm just trying to hear you again.
I'm going to call.
The museum is ready. We will start in 30
minutes.
What?
Do you have a dress. please?
Yes. good.
Abiyak!
What are you. Madam. I see.
Who is Ada?
Ada?
No. she's wrong. there's a dress.
Please. I'm telling you Adda.
I was just...
I don't see time to dazzle.
ST' 501 Subtitling
Radio-Canada Subtitling
Just here. just here. that's right. five.
Helena. six. Lucy. seven. Sahara. let's
go. eight. Sahara. 11. Bill. 12. Elia. 13.
this position. you're in a bus.
Okay girls. let's start. five. four.
three. two. one. go.
Give me confidence in 15.
ST' 501 Subtitling
It all started there. with the tornado.
We saw the sky darken everywhere.
We saw the satellites ignite.
one after the other and plunge into the
depths of the oceans.
And then we saw everything ablaze.
like torches. in a great bonfire.
Numbers of tornadoes flashed through
Maxine's mind.
Katrina. Carole. Erika. Vilma. Alison.
Irma. Ophelia.
But only one name resonated with her.
that of her daughter. Eden.
Eden.
Ada felt that the rain and wind heralded
a new life for her.
She wasn't afraid anymore.
Maxime was thinking about the life she
had lived so far.
She now knew that her life hung by a
thread.
She wondered if she would become...
old. if she would experience it.
Hey. honey.
Hi. Mom. It's me. Sorry to bother you.
I'm lost. I don't know where I am.
What do you mean?
My Google Maps keeps bugging.
I was on my way home. daydreaming. and I
missed my stop. and then I got off the bus
and started walking. and now I'm lost.
Um. okay.
What do you see in front of you?
What do you see around you?
I'm by the Museum of Natural History.
Okay.
Um. look at it. and then. uh. facing it.
go to your right.
Um. turn your first left.
Wait. oh. oh. yes. I see the street.
You see the stop?
Yes. I see it.
Thanks. Mom.
Great.
I'm. uh...
I'm going to be in Paris a little longer.
um. just to let you know.
How much longer?
Just a couple of weeks.
I won't be here anyway.
I'm going to Anna's for vacation.
Oh. right. yeah.
Yeah. have fun.
You spoke to her parents. right?
Mm-hmm.
So. does that mean you'll be home when I
get back?
Yeah. I'll be there.
I'll be there. and honey. I'm going to.
um. I'm going to not do that film that I
was going to do.
Wait. what? Really?
Yeah.
I'm going to...
I'm going to take care of some things.
And I'm going to be home for a bit.
Maybe we can spend a little time together.
That would be nice.
I'd like that.
But. Mom. I have to go.
I'm sorry.
I'm getting distracted.
No. you're perfect.
I'll see you soon.
Thanks for the directions.
Yeah. I'm always here.
You need anything.
I'll always be here.
I know.
I love you.
I love you. too.
Maxine.
Before you say anything. I've. uh...
Okay. there's no movie. there's nothing.
I'm going home to do chemo and I have
nothing for you. nothing now.
Please.
Admin?
ST' 501 Subtitling
They are living.
Yes. it's a question. how is there a lack?
It's a GTO.
ST' 501 Subtitling Let's go.
Let's go.
ST' 501 Subtitling
1. 2. 1. 2. 3. 2. 3. 4. 5. 5. 6. 16. 17.
17. 18. 18. 19. 19. 21. 21. 21.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org